_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title: <strong>Your</strong> Name
description: <a href="">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true
social: true
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

add biblography, about, coauthors, announcements, prof_pic, change color

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title: <strong>Azza</strong> E. Ahmed
description: <a href="">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
  #  <p>Room 418, Engg Tower </p>
  #  <p>Faculty of Engineering</p> 
  #  <p>Khartoum, Sudan</p>

news: true
social: true
---

I majored in control and instrumentation (electrical engineering) from the [University of Khartoum](https://www.uofk.edu/index.php/en/) (Sudan), and then extrapolated on that to control theory in man and machines in my MSc on [Cybernetics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cybernetics) from the [University of Reading](http://www.reading.ac.uk/) (UK). 

Passionate about learning, my journey from a student, to a teaching assistant and then a lecturer at the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering at the [University of Khartoum](https://www.uofk.edu/index.php/en/), came about developing soft and hard technical skills from both voluntary and academic work; projects and specialized courses; in person and on line. I started my PhD journey with the [H3ABioNet](https://h3abionet.org/) node of Sudan ([Center for Bioinformatics and Systems Biology](https://cbsb.uofk.edu/)), targeting the areas of statistical and mathematical methods of data analysis in [Genome Wide Association Studies (GWAS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genome-wide_association_study) and [Next-Generation Sequencing (NGS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA_sequencing#Next-generation_methods).
In a month or so, I will be heading to the Netherlands, on a double PhD agreement between my home [University of Khartoum](https://www.uofk.edu/index.php/en/) and the [University of Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/?lang=en).

Excited about the future, this is a perfect match to my third-culture upbrining. All in all, this gives the liberty to call my self any title I actually yearn: An _engineer_ (by education), _bioscientist_ (by research), _educator_ (by profession), and my favorite: _a human being_ ! 
Welcome to my space!
